hey what is going on guys I know another
video on the CBR I can't help but I get
a ride a different bike I want to show
you guys so being on the Honda it has
got me thinking about Honda's new moto
gp street-legal bike that's coming out
in 2016 with a ridiculous ridiculous
price tag of 185 thousand dollars
listening to this you are the resistance
insane right so whenever you think about
Daniel a WoW 185 grand this thing's got
to have freakin what 200 plus horsepower
it's got to be comparable in the in the
power range to an h2 or an h2o no this
is I got really excited when I saw the
pictures of it and they've been teasing
it for a while and it's finally been
announced to go into production but I
was very very let down as were a lot of
people whenever I saw the actual
specifications on this bike
there's different it's all it's always
the same bike but in different countries
I'm not don't quote me on everything
because I'm not a thousand censure I
just right up on it last night but and
the other countries you are able to buy
what is their sport kit for the bike
once you order your bike whatever you
can get the sport get it gives you like
a new ECU a different their sport
exhaust or whatever and a couple other
things that'll make it more of a race
biking bump up the power well in the
United States you are not able to
purchase this sport kit and you would
think you know all hundreds eighty-five
thousand dollars sportbike MotoGP
replica blah blah blah should it even
matter do you even need that I just ran
a stop sign I know all you guys are
gonna troll and say I ran the stop sign
do you even need that sport kid on the
bike that was my first thought until I
saw this bike the US model has 101
horsepower 101 now can we talk about the
fact that it weighs four hundred and
eighteen pounds wet which is not some
incredibly light machine it's light but
it's not like oh my god really that's it
+ 101 horsepower my bike wet ways like I
want to say like 430 425 somewhere on
there so not much heavier and it has
from the factory if you if you're going
to get different answers and everywhere
you look but mine has about 115
horsepower give or take a roundabout
there some say 110 some say 120 I'm
gonna go with about 150 horsepower in
mine isn't Oh 5 600 so how in the fuck
does this moto gp replica closest thing
you can get to a little GP biking right
on the street have a hundred and one
goddamn horse power when the h2 of is a
twenty-five-thousand-dollar motorcycle
supercharged with 200 in like 30
horsepower how does that even make sense
in anyone's had it hard to say hey this
is perfect will do this 104 power
they're gonna love it fuck out of here
that is ridiculous fuck you
so Honda's always gotten rag for they
have the great light bikes but they're
always underpowered and you would think
if they're coming out with a freaking
MotoGP replica street bike that that
would not be the case it wouldn't be the
same as their cbr600 their CB 1000 and
getting crap for being underpowered put
185 thousand dollars buys me a hundred
and one horsepower you my friend can go
fuck yourself because there's no way I'm
paying that much money and getting a
hundred one horsepower does it look cool
fuck yeah it looks like a MotoGP bike
but just off the spec sheet which you
can really take for a grain of salt I
guess until you see 101 horsepower from
the looks of the specs my 2005 my
ten-year-old Calla sake 606 36 on paper
smokes this thing so what in the fuck am
I paying 185 thousand dollars for I can
take four grand and bayous fucking 600
and dust this thing now obviously this
is a bit premature I'm sure and we need
to see more about it a lot a lot I want
to see track test once the all that shit
but these numbers are absolutely yeah
just bleed make me want to vomit 185
grand for what for all this Q magnesium
bullshit well how about you fucking give
me a motor that can let this fucking
magnesium swing arm and taking all this
shit move faster than fucking 140 it's
fucking insane but I'm going to put up
the full specs list right here let you
guys read it i'll put a link to the
article that i read in the description
so you can see and give me your opinion
I want to hear what all of you guys
think about this because to me this is
just it it's almost disrespectful and on
this part to even call this shit of
motogp replicates fucking garbage
I ate it CB 1000 would fucking smoke
this bike if we're talking as the specs
get 100 on horsepower I don't care what
you do to the bike you can only do so
much with 101 horsepower but we will see
I got to fill up man but I want to know
what you guys think about this because
to me this is just fucking terrible so I
don't know what Honda's thinking but let
me know your thoughts on it I'm
interested to hear it have a good day